Hello everyone. My name is Fadi
Hantouli. Today I'm gonna give
you a a some explanation about
my design. I'm going to give you
a a small demo as you see here
we have the ODM system of OFDM
system. It has three parts,
first part called the
transmitter side, second part
called the channel. Third part
is the receiver side.
I'm using here the Matlab life
script because it's easy for me
to demonstrate it and easy to
simulate each block by itself
and add some text to it.
Here in this blocks I'm showing
the transmitter side.
Now let's go to each block in
the first block here, which is
the. I identified the parameters
of the system. Here we use 64
bits per channel, and we have 4
subcarrier and the block size
will be 16.
And the sake of the prefix be
length one.
Here we generate the data. We
use random function and MATLAB
random function. The size of it
will be between 1 * 64 which is
a victor and I just see here in
the right side it's showing the
values between zero and three.
The maximum is 3, the minimum is
0 and we have 64 points.
This is call it a dimidiata this
dummy data going to the cube.
Scan the QR QPSK modulation.
The output of it will be in
frequency domain.
And we also will have the same
size of it, which is 1 * 64. It
has 2 bath really and imaginary
number as you see here.
If you look to the right side
here we have blood for the QPC
escape. It showing the values
between maximum one and minimum
negative fund and we have some
values at the 0.
Here in this block he was we
just changed the dimension we
change in, we flip it upside,
not upside down with sit to the
right or to the left. That's
mean if the metrics one time 64
make it 64 time 1.
Now here in various Fourier
transform, as I said in the
beginning, the data we used to
have it in time domain and then
we have a queue, QPSK
modulation. The output of it
will be in frequency domain. Now
I need to change it back to the
time domain to change it to in
order to change it back in time
domain we have to take the IFD.
And I divide it to the first of
career. If you looked at the
right side, you're gonna see
each subcarrier with these
values. So each subcarrier will
have a 16 bits.
Here we add in a cycle prefix.
The way we add in the cycle.
Brief fix, we're going to each
subcarrier here we added at the
beginning. So at the subcarrier
one we added over here, over
here, over here. Over here.
That's mean we increase the
total piece by 4. So the total
will be 68 now.
After I'm adding the cycle
briefings.
If you look over here to the
first subcarrier speaking 17
time 117 time man Time 4, which
is a 68.
And then we flip it again, flip
the size of it.
Now.
Our data in time domain and
ready to transmit it. Now we
have the OFDM signal.
Here in the channel we use a WGN
channel. We have existing models
in the MATLAB so I don't have to
build it. So I use the MATLAB
command.
And the output of the channel
will be the received signal. So
whatever we did in the
transmitting side, we have to do
it in the receiver side in
reverse way right here from step
8 starting with the receiver
size.
The server side, sorry.
So our receiver side, the first
thing we need to remove the
cycle prefix.
And then take the free transform
to change it to the bind domain
and.
Changing from time domain to the
frequency domain and then make
it demodulation and then we'll
get the.
Original.
Pits now because we add in some
noises from the channel here,
the original bit is not gonna
look the same exactly as the
received pits. So that's mean we
will have some error. It's
called bit error rate.
So this is the received signal.
We have the same size, but
probably the values over here is
not exactly the same.
Here I have to do the plot bit
bit error rate. I did not do it
because I'm up to my timeline.
I'm going to do it this week.
So what they were, I explain
right now it's the OFDM. Now
let's go a little bit big, how
we can advance in the OTFS. So
what's the difference between
the OFDM and the OTFS OTFS need
to add.
Two blocks and this location in
the transmitter side and then
receiver side and the
transmitter side. We have to add
I SFD in various fast for really
transform and it has Weinberg
transform here to change it to
the time domain. The outputted
here would be.
Uh, make it from 2 dimension
time domain to 1 dimension time
domain and here we do it in
reverse way.
The values is not exactly the
same.
It looks different. Now I have
to compare between both of them
to do the modulation between the
OTFS and the OFDM doing the
blocked period rate. I'm going
to do it this week, so up to
this week what I did so far. I
create the OFDM with it is some
lesion I create the OTFS with it
is some relation and I'm going
to do this week the compare
between them. So let me go a
little bit back to my
presentation. My slide and this
is slide. First slide I have the
introduction with the.
40 offs.
The purpose of the this
presentation to have a clear
understanding what is the OTFS
and how can I use it or how can
I jump between OFDM and OTFS and
So what is the different between
both of them.
The motivation is to come with
reliability. Technology be easy,
be faster and be cheaper.
Here we have a a little review
in the second slide and this is
slide. I'll go over 20 citation
it 20 perverse.
Uh identified what they're
talking about. I define their
gaps.
And then I go to the mythology.
In this mythology, this is
slide, slide #3 and explaining
what I did so far.
What strategies I use?
And what's model I use and what
kind of software I use it here?
In the results.
I did some simulation here not
using the live script. I did the
using the regular lab script
because when I'm going to do the
bit error rate.
I have to use the photo loop and
for loop. It's hard to do it to
break all the function in
different plugs we have to with
the old function and when you
plug so this one I did it and we
get run by Matlab script which
is I'm going to put it in live
script next week but up to now
what I have so far we have to
line the first line represent
the OFDM and the blue line the
present the.
Otfs and I can see clearly that
the two different between the
performance I can see when SNR
it's high, the bit error rate
for the OTFS is much smaller
than the OFDM.
That's me. This is good Maya.
Good idea. Good result. That's
me in the OTFS is much better
than the of OFDM.
This is slide. We have some
discussion why we have this
result and what does mean this
result, the OTFS why I'm looking
for it, why it's reliable?
What's the advantage of using 2D
then using 1D?
When do you wishes the of DM 2D,
which is the OTFS?
In the conclusion here, we have
some challenges. The challenges
I have, the personal challenges
I have.
A. The sources I have a hard
time to find or to understand
the mathematical equation, so I
have to go over some material to
understand what does mean each
equation.
The limitation here is we have
some complicity with the
receiver. The receiver we have
to do a lot of polling for it
and the receiver hardware. Also
it's expensive, but I did so
far. It's just a simulation in
the software. The future
application, the future
application. We can use it in
different applications, we can
use it in vehicles to vehicles.
Probably these days we have a
lot of people who drive in
electrical car or smart cars.
The being controlled from the
towers and the O TFs. The good
thing about it is faster than
the OFDM and much secure.
This is the acknowledgement we
have some help from Doctor Billy
and Doctor Sumit. Dr. Billy was
providing us with the sources
and materials with a doctoral
summer.
This is my references.
All of this paper is I triple E
papers.
Also, I got some materials from
the GitHub. There is some quotes
over here is not exactly what I
have. This is just a regular
quarters now a live script
MATLAB code. And also I was
looking for some quick quote
from MATLAB exchange files.
And this is the end of my
presentation.